docs: Add example for using null in values files to override parent chart defaults (#2045)
helm/helm-www: docs/chart_template_guide/values_files.mdx

helm install stable/drupal --set image=my-registry/drupal:0.1.0 --set livenessProbe.exec.command=[cat,docroot/CHANGELOG.txt] --set livenessProbe.httpGet=null
```

> This same approach works with values files passed via `-f` or `--values`. To remove

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This same approach works with values files passed with `-f` or `--values`.
For more information, see [helm install](/helm/helm_install).
```

a parent chart's default values for a subchart, set them to `null` in your
override file:

```yaml
# override-values.yaml
mysubchart:
  unwantedKey: null
```

Then apply it:

```sh
helm install myrelease ./mychart -f override-values.yaml
```

This removes `unwantedKey` from the subchart's values, letting the subchart use

> its own defaults or omit the value entirely.

Reviewer: @promptless-for-oss this should all be removed and replaced with a link to the existing CLI docs on how to use -f or --values (see suggested change https://github.com/helm/helm-www/pull/2045/changes#r3461696494)
